Clarify which servers are supposed to sign events (#2081)
matrix-org/matrix-doc: specification/server_server_api.rst

Note that this step should succeed whether we have been sent the full event or
a redacted copy.

The signatures expected on an event are:

> * The sender's server, unless the invite was created as a result of 3rd party invite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``sender``'s server, unless the invite was created as a result of 3rd party invite.
```
